Jwt token (#14)
Gamify-IT/login-backend: README.md

```
inside the project root dir.

### JWT (Json Web Tokens)

> To encode a JWT is a secret key needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To encode a JWT, a secret key is needed. 
```

> This secret key needs to be stored as environment variable `JWT_Key=someSuperSecretKey`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This secret key needs to be stored under the environment variable `JWT_KEY`.
```
